Story: 
3 years ago there was an original Pac-Man, he was
lonely, so lonely. He was so lonely he started eating 
rubbish to see if making other people happy would make 
him happy. It didn't, it just made him lonlier. He was 
feeling so lonely that he ended up splitting his soul 
into 3 different parts, one with happiness, one with 
sadness and one that was made of metal. When they all 
fuse they become one big metal Pac-Man.

To fuse they need 3 Green PowerGems, 3 Blue PowerGems 
and 3 Red PowerGems. Only the Happy Pac-Man can get the 
Green PowerGems but to get the Blue and Red PowerGems. 
Just like the Happy Pac-Man only the Metal can get the 
Red PowerGems and the Sad Pac-Man can only get the Blue 
PowerGems but theres more to it then that, they all 
need to feel Passion to achieve fusion.

This is the story of the Pac-Mans achieving Passion.
The Sad Pac-Man was just going around eating rubbish, 
like he usually would but then, there were flying drones 
attacking him. He thought they were trying to help him 
so he didn't think anything of it. Until they started 
attacking everything everywhere including Pac-Mans. To 
fight them they needed to fuse. They tried it failed. 
They continued trying until they realized they couldn't
fuse and because of that they didn't even try to help. 
It was hopeless for Earth just like how hopeless there 
try of fusion was. They couldn't help Earth at least 
they thought they couldn't until a Person came up and 
wrote in binary "Please help! We won't survive without 
you." So they decided to try and fuse again and again 
but they still had a little bit of sadness in there 
hearts. So they will need to eat the PowerGems to help
save the day.
*Menu comes up/appears*